I am not just a number that's written on
the t-shirts of over
15,000 teddy bears these teddy bears
representing over 15,000 Palestinian
children killed in Gaza now the aim of
this art installation is to give people
a sense of scale because often the
stories the individual stories of
tragedy get lost in numbers now we've
been speaking to the artist bashid
Muhammad who tells us that these teddy
bears all very individual and standing
on these concrete blocks the gray
personifying showing the rubble that
Gaza has become and the red representing
blood these kids who
are not lost but killed actually due to
the Israeli occupation over
Palestine uh have names have identities
have
uh have a Homeland called Palestine for
you you think about numbers numbers are
nothing you would say oh wow it's a big
number but you will never see it uh
unless you create it somehow and you
show it actually for the society now the
artist hopes that when people come here
they'll take their time to look at the
faces of these teddy bears each of them
very individual some of them are looking
up at the sky and the effect he hopes
that this has is to humanize the
children of Gaza Stephanie Decker alazo
Doha
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer